docs: update embedded Java API reference (#95)
questdb/questdb.io: docs/api/java.md

        try (TableWriter writer = engine.getWriter(ctx.getCairoSecurityContext(), "abc")) {
            for (int i = 0; i < 10; i++) {
                TableWriter.Row row = writer.newRow(Os.currentTimeMicros());
                row.putInt(0, 123);
                row.putByte(1, (byte) 1111);
                row.putShort(2, (short) 222);
                row.putLong(3, 333);
                row.putFloat(4, 4.44f);
                row.putDouble(5, 5.55);
                row.putDate(6, System.currentTimeMillis());
                row.putSym(7, "xyz");
                row.putStr(8, "abc");
                row.putBool(9, true);
                row.append();
            }
            writer.commit();
        }
    }
}
```

### Detailed Steps

#### Configure Cairo engine

CairoEngine is a resource manager for the embedded QuestDB. Its main function is to facilitate concurrent access to pools of `TableReader`
and `TableWriter` instances.

```java title="New CairoEngine instance"
final CairoConfiguration configuration = new DefaultCairoConfiguration("data_dir");
try (CairoEngine engine = new CairoEngine(configuration)) {
```

> A typical application will need only one instance of `CairoEngine`. This instance will start when application starts and shuts down when application closes. Every attempt should be made to ensure `CairoEngine` is closed gracefully when application stops.

Reviewer: "Every attempt should be made to ensure `CairoEngine` is closed gracefully when application stops." -> You will need to close `CairoEngine` gracefully when the application stops.

> QuestDB provides default configuration implementation, which only requires `data directory` to be specified. For more advanced use the whole `CairoConfiguration` interface can be overriden when necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QuestDB provides a default configuration which only requires the `data directory` to be specified. For a more advanced usage, the whole `CairoConfiguration` interface can be overridden.
```

#### Create an instance of SqlExecutionContext`

> Execution context is a conduit for passing SQL execution atrefacts to the execution site. This instance is not thread-safe and it must not be shared between threads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execution context is a conduit for passing SQL execution artefacts to the execution site. This instance is not thread-safe and it must not be shared between threads.
```

```java title="Example of execution context"
final SqlExecutionContextImpl ctx = new SqlExecutionContextImpl(engine, 1);
```

> Second argument is the number of threads that will be helping to execute SQLs. Unless you are bulding another QuestDB server this value should always be 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The second argument is the number of threads that will be helping to execute SQL statements. Unless you are building another QuestDB server, this value should always be 1.
```

#### New SqlCompiler instance and blank table

> Before we start writing data using `TableWriter` the target table has to exist. There are several ways to create new table. Using `SqlCompiler` is the esiest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before we start writing data using `TableWriter`, the target table has to exist. There are several ways to create new table ; using `SqlCompiler` is the easiest.
```

```java title="Example of creating new table"
try (SqlCompiler compiler = new SqlCompiler(engine)) {
    compiler.compile("create table abc (a int, b byte, c short, d long, e float, g double, h date, i symbol, j string, k boolean, ts timestamp) timestamp(ts)", ctx);
```

> As you will be able to see below, table field types and indexes must match the code that is populating the table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you will be able to see below, the table field types and indexes must match the code that is populating the table.
```

#### New instance of TableWriter

We use engine to create instance of `TableWriter`. This will enable reusing this `TableWriter` instance later, when we use the same method of creating table writer again.

```java title="New table writer instance"
try (TableWriter writer = engine.getWriter(ctx.getCairoSecurityContext(), "abc")) {
```

> The writer will hold exclusing lock on table `abc` until such time it is closed. This lock is both intra- and inter-process. If you have two Java applications accessing the same table only one will succeed at one time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The writer will hold an excluding lock on the table `abc` until it is closed. This lock is both intra and inter-process. If you have two Java applications accessing the same table only one will succeed at one time.
```

#### Create a new row`

```java title="Example of creating new table row with timestamp"
TableWriter.Row row = writer.newRow(Os.currentTimeMicros());
```

Although this operation semantically looks like a new object creation, the row
instance is actually being re-used under the hood. A Timestamp is necessary to
determine a partition for the new row. Its value has to be either increment or
stay the same as the last row. When the table is not partitioned and does not
have a designated timestamp column, timestamp value can be omitted.

```java title="Example of creating new table row without timestamp"
TableWriter.Row row = writer.newRow();
```

#### Populate columns

> There are put\* methods for every supported data type. Columns are updated by an index as opposed to by name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are put\* methods for every supported data type. Columns are updated by an index as opposed to by name.
```

```java title="Example of populating table column"
row.putLong(3, 333);
```

Column update order is not important and update can be sparse. All unset columns will default to NULL values.

#### Append row

> It is a trivial and lightweight method call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following method call:
```

```java title="Example of appending a new row"
row.append();
```

Appended rows are not visible to readers until they are committed. An unneeded
row can also be canceled if required.

```java title="Example of cancelling half-populated row"
row.cancel();
```

A pending row is automatically cancelled when `writer.newRow()` is called. Consider the following scenario:

```java
TableWriter.Row row = writer.newRow(Os.currentTimeMicros());
row.putInt(0, 123);
row.putByte(1, (byte) 1111);
row.putShort(2, (short) 222);
row.putLong(3, 333);
row = writer.newRow(Os.currentTimeMicros());
...
```

> Second `newRow()` call would cancel all the updates to the row since the last `append()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second `newRow()` call would cancel all the updates to the row since the last `append()`.
```

#### Commit changes

> To make changes visiable to readers writer has to commit. `writer.commit` does this job. Unlike traditional SQL databases size of the transaction does not matter. You can commit anything between 1 and 1 trillion rows. We also spent considerable effort to ensure `commit()` is lightweight. You can drip one row at a time in applications that require such behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make changes visible to readers, writer has to commit ; `writer.commit` does this job. Unlike traditional SQL databases, the size of the transaction does not matter. You can commit anything between 1 and 1 trillion rows. We also spent considerable effort to ensure `commit()` is lightweight. You can drip one row at the time in applications that require such behaviour.
```

## Executing queries

> We provide single API for executing all kinds of SQL queries. The example below focuses on `SELECT` however and how to fetch data from cursor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide single API for executing all kinds of SQL queries. The example below focuses on `SELECT` and how to fetch data from cursor.
```

```java title="Compiling SQL"
final CairoConfiguration configuration = new DefaultCairoConfiguration(temp.getRoot().getAbsolutePath());
try (CairoEngine engine = new CairoEngine(configuration)) {
    final SqlExecutionContextImpl ctx = new SqlExecutionContextImpl(engine, 1);
    try (SqlCompiler compiler = new SqlCompiler(engine)) {
        try (RecordCursorFactory factory = compiler.compile("abc", ctx).getRecordCursorFactory()) {
            try (RecordCursor cursor = factory.getCursor(ctx)) {
                final Record record = cursor.getRecord();
                while (cursor.hasNext()) {
                    // access 'record' instance for field values
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```

### Detailed steps

> The steps to setup CairoEngine, execution context and SqlCompiler are the same as those we explained in (writing data)[#writing data] sections. We will skip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps to setup CairoEngine, execution context and SqlCompiler are the same as those we explained in (writing data)[#writing data] section. We will skip
```

them here and focus on fetching data.

#### RecordCursorFactory

You can think of `RecordCursorFactory` as PreparedStatement. This is the entity that holds SQL execution plan with all of the execution artefacts. Factories are

> designed to be reused and we strongly encourage caching them. Having said that you still need to make sure you close factory explcitly when you no longer need it. Failing to do so can cause memory or other resource leak.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
designed to be reused and we strongly encourage caching them. You also need to make sure that you close factories explicitly when you no longer need them. Failing to do so can cause memory and/or other resources leak.
```

#### RecordCursor

> This instance allows iterating over the dataset produced by SQL. Cursors are relatively short-lived. You have to ensure cursor is closed as soon as enough data is fetched. You do not even have to fetch all data. Cursor can be closed at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This instance allows iterating over the dataset produced by SQL. Cursors are relatively short-lived and do not imply fetching all the data. Note that you have to close a cursor as soon as enough data is fetched ; the closing process can happen at any time.
```

> It goes without saying that cursors are not thread safe and cannot be shared between threads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cursors are not thread safe and cannot be shared between threads.
```

#### Record

> This is cursor's data access API. Our example is not a mistake. Record instance is obtained from the cursor outside of the fetch loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is cursor's data access API. Record instance is obtained from the cursor outside of the fetch loop.
```

```java title="Example of fetching data from cursor"
final Record record = cursor.getRecord();
while (cursor.hasNext()) {
    // access 'record' instance for field values
}
```

> Record does not hold the data. Instead this is an API to pull data when data is needed. Record instance remains the same while cursor goes over the data, making caching of records pointless.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Record does not hold the data. Instead, it is an API to pull data when data is needed. Record instance remains the same while cursor goes over the data, making caching of records pointless.
```

final CairoConfiguration configuration = new DefaultCairoConfiguration("data_dir");
try (CairoEngine engine = new CairoEngine(configuration)) {
    final SqlExecutionContextImpl ctx = new SqlExecutionContextImpl(engine, 1);
    try (SqlCompiler compiler = new SqlCompiler(engine)) {

        compiler.compile("create table abc (a int, b byte, c short, d long, e float, g double, h date, i symbol, j string, k boolean, ts timestamp) timestamp(ts)", ctx);

        try (TableWriter writer = engine.getWriter(ctx.getCairoSecurityContext(), "abc")) {
            for (int i = 0; i < 10; i++) {
                TableWriter.Row row = writer.newRow(Os.currentTimeMicros());
                row.putInt(0, 123);
                row.putByte(1, (byte) 1111);
                row.putShort(2, (short) 222);
                row.putLong(3, 333);
                row.putFloat(4, 4.44f);
                row.putDouble(5, 5.55);
                row.putDate(6, System.currentTimeMillis());
                row.putSym(7, "xyz");
                row.putStr(8, "abc");
                row.putBool(9, true);
                row.append();
            }
            writer.commit();
        }
    }
}
```

> ### Detailed Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Detailed steps
```

have a designated timestamp column, timestamp value can be omitted.

```java title="Example of creating new table row without timestamp"
TableWriter.Row row = writer.newRow();
```

#### Populate columns

There are put\* methods for every supported data type. Columns are updated by an index as opposed to by name.

```java title="Example of populating table column"
row.putLong(3, 333);
```

Column update order is not important and update can be sparse. All unset columns will default to NULL values.

#### Append row

Following method call:

```java title="Example of appending a new row"
row.append();
```

Appended rows are not visible to readers until they are committed. An unneeded
row can also be canceled if required.

```java title="Example of cancelling half-populated row"
row.cancel();
```

A pending row is automatically cancelled when `writer.newRow()` is called. Consider the following scenario:

```java
TableWriter.Row row = writer.newRow(Os.currentTimeMicros());
row.putInt(0, 123);
row.putByte(1, (byte) 1111);
row.putShort(2, (short) 222);
row.putLong(3, 333);
row = writer.newRow(Os.currentTimeMicros());
...
```

> Second `newRow()` call would cancel all the updates to the row since the last `append()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Second `newRow()` call would cancel all the updates to the row since the last `append()`.
```

#### Commit changes

> To make changes visiable to readers writer has to commit. `writer.commit` does this job. Unlike traditional SQL databases size of the transaction does not matter. You can commit anything between 1 and 1 trillion rows. We also spent considerable effort to ensure `commit()` is lightweight. You can drip one row at a time in applications that require such behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make changes visible to readers, writer has to commit. `writer.commit` does this job. Unlike traditional SQL databases, the size of the transaction does not matter. You can commit anything between 1 and 1 trillion rows. We also spent considerable effort to ensure `commit()` is lightweight. You can drip one row at a time in applications that require such behaviour.
```

## Executing queries

> We provide single API for executing all kinds of SQL queries. The example below focuses on `SELECT` however and how to fetch data from cursor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide a single API for executing all kinds of SQL queries. The example below focuses on `SELECT` and how to fetch data from a cursor.
```
